Improved the Documentation structure (#1146)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/API/Common.rst

Desktop and Common Classes
==========================

> This Section contains the Classes that are common and not releated to a specfic application or module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Section contains the Classes that are common and not related to a specific application or module.
```
